doesn't provide built-in language support in the core editor (#7679)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/language-extensions/overview.md

# Language Extensions Overview

> Visual Studio Code provides smart editing features for different programming languages through Language Extensions. VS Code without extensions doesn't provide built-in language support but offers a set of APIs that enable rich language features. For example, it has a bundled [HTML](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/main/extensions/html) extension that allows VS Code to show syntax highlighting for HTML files. Similarly, when you type `console.` and `log` shows up in IntelliSense, it is the [Typescript Language Features](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/main/extensions/typescript-language-features) extension at work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio Code provides smart editing features for different programming languages through Language Extensions. VS Code doesn't provide built-in language support in the core editor but offers a set of APIs that enable rich language features.

For example, the [HTML](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/main/extensions/html) extension uses these APIs to show syntax highlighting for HTML files. Similarly, when you type `console.` and `log` shows up in IntelliSense, it is the [Typescript Language Features](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/main/extensions/typescript-language-features) extension at work.

VS Code bundles some of these extensions with the editor to provide you with rich language support from the start.
```

Reviewer: @Cecil0o0 Here's the updated text.

Author: Thank you!
